Astro 10/4 release notes (#1310)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## Octover 4, 2022 

> ### New permissions boundaries for managed AWS clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New permissions boundary for managed AWS Accounts
```

This is at account level, not cluster level I'm pretty sure

> The Astronomer remote management role for AWS clusters now has new [permissions boundaries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html) to limit the actions it can perform to a subset of its default `AdministratorAccess` permissions. The remote management role is now limited to the following actions across all contexts:

Reviewer 2: Operational roles created by Astro now have a [permissions boundary](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html) to limit the actions they can perform.  These roles are now limited to the following actions:

Reviewer 2: We haven't made our way to the cross account role yet, this release is just addressing the roles created per cluster.  

The cross account role will be updated in phase 2 (coming soon, but not here yet)

> The Astronomer remote management role for AWS clusters now has new [permissions boundaries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html) to limit the actions it can perform to a subset of its default `AdministratorAccess` permissions. The remote management role is now limited to the following actions across all contexts:

Author: ```suggestion
Operational roles which are created by Astro for AWS clusters now have new [permissions boundaries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html). These boundaries limit the actions they can perform to a subset of their default `AdministratorAccess` permissions. These roles are now limited to the following actions across all contexts:
```

Reviewer 2: I think adding AdministratorAccess here will confuse the user.  The generated roles never had AdministratorAccess permissions - they COULD have had them if (because the role that created them - astronomer-remote-management - has it), what we have done is reduce the risk of privilege escalation (which is another very overloaded phrase that  I didn't feel comfortable using it in a release note without giving a lot of context)

> The Astronomer remote management role for AWS clusters now has new [permissions boundaries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html) to limit the actions it can perform to a subset of its default `AdministratorAccess` permissions. The remote management role is now limited to the following actions across all contexts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote management role that Astronomer assumes on dedicated customer AWS accounts now has new [permissions boundaries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html) that limit the role to a subset of its `AdministratorAccess` permissions. The remote management role is now limited to the following actions across all contexts:
```

- `autoscaling:*`
- `cloudformation:*`
- `cloudwatch:*`
- `ec2:*`
- `ecr:*`
- `eks:*`
- `elasticloadbalancing:*`
- `iam:*OpenID*`
- `kms:DescribeKey`
- `lambda:*`
- `logs:*`
- `route53:AssociateVPCWithHostedZone`
- `s3:*`
- `secretsmanager:*`
- `servicequotas:*`
- `ssm:*`
- `tag:*`

> 

Reviewer: @dnarain-astro @jwitz Think these should be either in our AWS install or reference doc, especially if they'll change over time and we get a ton of feedback about it?

Just a thought, will let you two decide

> These permissions might change in the future to enable new Astro features or to further fine-tune Astronomer's permissions within specific contexts. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These permissions might change in the future to enable new Astro features or to refine permissions for specific contexts. 
```

> ### Additional imporvements 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Additional improvements 
```

> - `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__EXPOSE_CONFIG=NON-SENSITIVE-ONLY` is now set in the data plane so that sensitive webserver configurations cannot be viewed in the Airflow UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users with the required permissions can now access a **Configuration** tab in the **Admin** menu of the Airflow UI. This page no longer shows sensitive values in plain-text and can be used to verify all configurations running on your Deployment.
```

> - In the Cloud UI, the maximum time window for Deployment metrics has been extended from 24 hours to 7 days.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the Cloud UI, the maximum time for Deployment metrics has been extended from 24 hours to 7 days.
```

> - The [Deployment overview metrics](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-overview) now show metrics only for the `default` worker queue instead of an aggregate of all worker queues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The [Deployment metrics overview](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-overview) now shows metrics for the `default` worker queue instead of an aggregate of all worker queues.
```

### Bug fixes 

- Added the global environment variable `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__DAG_PROCESSOR_LOG_TARGET=stdout` so that a scheduler's logs don't overcrowd its local storage

> - Moved `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` configurations from Astro Runtime to the control plane

Author: @paolaperaza Is this worth documenting before the corresponding change has been made in Runtime?

Reviewer: I think let's remove this actually -- it's a system change that doesn't affect the user at all

> - Moved `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` configurations from Astro Runtime to the control plane

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - Removed misleading maximum CPU/ Memory lines from Deployment metric graphs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Removed misleading maximum CPU and memory lines from Deployment metric graphs
```

Reviewer: Feels like odd phrasing here... what was happening previously?

Author: We had a maximum line that was showing the maximum CPU and memory for each worker, but with different worker types running at the same time this line would always be inaccurate, as different worker types have different maximums
